Let's go
Mr. Lu left the board open
Come so fast
It seems that you still have these two women in your heart
Ah Chen, you are finally here.
Please help me
I've already come, let go
You can let go
But I want to know
Which of these two women is your true love?
How about this?
Let's play a game
You pick someone and I'll let them go
Make sure they're safe and sound
The rest is enough for our brothers
Mr. Lu, this game
Do you like it? Ash chose me to save me first?
Are you choosing a little wife?
Or choose a little lover?
Ouch, this question is so difficult.
I'm embarrassed for you
Otherwise, I will treat them as fools in front of you.
Ah!
Zhe, please save me
You are divorced from the future
I'm your girlfriend.
What are you still hesitating about?
Immortals seek evil
They're really going to kill me.
1 wink
I choose eye